.DS_Store
Erstwhile House.png
LibreBaskerville-Bold.ttf
LibreBaskerville-Italic.ttf
LibreBaskerville-Regular.ttf
gui.rpy
gui.rpyc
options.rpy
options.rpyc
screens.rpy
screens.rpyc
script.rpy
script.rpy.bak
script.rpyc
cache/bytecode.rpyb
cache/pyanalysis.rpyb
cache/screens.rpyb
gui/.DS_Store
gui/frame.png
gui/game_menu.png
gui/main_menu.jpg
gui/namebox.png
gui/notify.png
gui/nvl.png
gui/skip.png
gui/textbox.png
gui/window_icon.png
gui/bar/bottom.png
gui/bar/left.png
gui/bar/right.png
gui/bar/top.png
gui/button/check_foreground.png
gui/button/check_selected_foreground.png
gui/button/choice_hover_background.png
gui/button/choice_idle_background.png
gui/button/hover_background.png
gui/button/idle_background.png
gui/button/quick_hover_background.png
gui/button/quick_idle_background.png
gui/button/radio_foreground.png
gui/button/radio_selected_foreground.png
gui/button/slot_hover_background.png
gui/button/slot_idle_background.png
gui/overlay/confirm.png
gui/overlay/game_menu.png
gui/overlay/main_menu.png
gui/phone/nvl.png
gui/phone/textbox.png
gui/phone/bar/bottom.png
gui/phone/bar/left.png
gui/phone/bar/right.png
gui/phone/bar/top.png
gui/phone/button/check_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/check_selected_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/choice_hover_background.png
gui/phone/button/choice_idle_background.png
gui/phone/button/hover_background.png
gui/phone/button/idle_background.png
gui/phone/button/radio_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/radio_selected_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/slot_hover_background.png
gui/phone/button/slot_idle_background.png
gui/phone/overlay/game_menu.png
gui/phone/overlay/main_menu.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui/slider/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/slider/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/slider/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/slider/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/slider/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/slider/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/slider/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/slider/vertical_idle_thumb.png
images/.DS_Store
images/arrow.png
images/bg acceptanceletter.jpg
images/bg blairoffice.jpg
images/bg breakroom.jpg
images/bg erstwhilefoyer.jpg
images/bg erstwhileoutside.jpg
images/bg fredaoffice.jpg
images/bg morganoffice.jpg
images/bg room.jpg
images/bg trumanoffice.jpg
images/bg vernersoffice.jpg
images/blair default.png
images/blair smile.png
images/blair smirk.png
images/freda default.png
images/freda frown.png
images/freda happy.png
images/freda noglasses.png
images/jade annoyed.png
images/jade default.png
images/jade flustered.png
images/jade pleasant.png
images/morgan default.png
images/petrone default.png
images/petrone silo.png
images/trevor annoyed.png
images/trevor default.png
images/trevor flustered.png
images/trevor pleasant.png
images/truman default.png
images/truman smile.png
images/verner annoyed.png
images/verner default.png
images/verner somber.png
music/background.wav
saves/.DS_Store
saves/1-1-LT1.save
saves/1-2-LT1.save
saves/1-3-LT1.save
saves/1-4-LT1.save
saves/1-5-LT1.save
saves/1-6-LT1.save
saves/_reload-2-LT1.save
saves/auto-1-LT1.save
saves/auto-10-LT1.save
saves/auto-2-LT1.save
saves/auto-3-LT1.save
saves/auto-4-LT1.save
saves/auto-5-LT1.save
saves/auto-6-LT1.save
saves/auto-7-LT1.save
saves/auto-8-LT1.save
saves/auto-9-LT1.save
saves/navigation.json
saves/persistent
saves/quick-1-LT1.save
saves/quick-2-LT1.save
saves/quick-3-LT1.save
saves/quick-4-LT1.save
tl/None/common.rpym
tl/None/common.rpymc
